1.5 Tbsp olive oil
1.5 pounds boneless chicken (cut into 2-inch pieces)
1 cup unsalted chicken stock
1.5 cups yellow onion, chopped
5 Garlic cloves (minced)
1 tbsp ginger, grated
2 tbsp salt-free tomato puree
Spice blend:
1.5 tsp turmeric powder
1.5 tsp garam masala
1/4 tsp cayenne
A quarter cup of heavy cream
3/4 tsp kosher salt
2 tbsp cilantro
###
1.Cook oil over high heat in a large, heavy pot. Toss the chicken and evenly coat it in the oil by turning occasionally for 5 to 6 minutes until browning.
2.Add garlic, onion, and ginger to the chicken while constantly stirring for 2 minutes.
3.Add tomato puree, garam masala, turmeric, and cayenne pepper while stirring for another 2 minutes.
4.Stir in chicken stock, heavy cream, and salt. Reduce to a simmer while stirring occasionally for around 10 minutes until the curry thickens.
5.Add chopped cilantro as a garnish over the curry and serve with brown rice.
@@@
1.5 Tbsp olive oil
1.5 pounds boneless chicken (cut into 2-inch pieces)
1 cup unsalted chicken stock
1.5 cups yellow onion, chopped
5 Garlic cloves (minced)
1 tbsp ginger, grated
2 tbsp salt-free tomato puree
Spice blend:
1.5 tsp turmeric powder
1.5 tsp garam masala
1/4 tsp cayenne
A quarter cup of heavy cream
3/4 tsp kosher salt
2 tbsp cilantro
###
1.Cook oil over high heat in a large, heavy pot. Toss the chicken and evenly coat it in the oil by turning occasionally for 5–6 minutes until browning.
2.Add garlic, onion, and ginger to the chicken while constantly stirring for 2 minutes.
3.Add tomato puree, garam masala, turmeric, and cayenne pepper while stirring for another 2 minutes.
4.Stir in chicken stock, heavy cream, and salt. Reduce to a simmer while stirring occasionally for around 10 minutes until the curry thickens.
5.Add chopped cilantro as a garnish over the curry and serve with brown rice.
@@@
250 gm boneless chicken cubes, cooked tender
60 gm (1/4 cup) refined oil
1 tsp cumin seeds
125 gm (1/2 cup) grated onion
125 gm (1/2 cup) grated tomato
1 tsp chilli powder
1 tsp garam masala
1/2 tsp ground cumin seeds
1/2 tsp kasoori methi
60 gm (1/4 cup) white butter
50 gm fresh cream
salt to taste
Garnish:
Chopped coriander
Shredded ginger
Sliced tomatoes
###
1.Heat oil in a pan. Saute cumin and chopped onion in the pan until brown.
2.Add chopped tomatoes and cook till fat separates.
3.Add the cumin powder, red chilli powder, garam masala, and kasoori methi. Stir in the chicken.
4.Cook over a low flame for 10-15 minutes. Remove from flame.
5.Pour the butter and cream over the top.
6.Garnish with shredded ginger, chopped coriander and sliced tomato. Serve hot.
@@@
Chicken - 1/2 kg
Cashews - 10
Yogurt / Curd - 3 tblsp
Pepper Powder - 1 tsp
Garam Masala Powder - 1 tsp
Chat Masala Powder - 1 tsp
Ginger Garlic Paste - 2 tsp
Salt to taste
Lemon Juice - 1 tblsp
Fresh Cream - 4 tblsp
Kasuri Methi Leaves (Dried Fenugreek Leaves) - 1 tblsp
Oil - 2 tblsp
###
1. Take cashews and yogurt in a blender and puree till smooth.
2. Take all ingredients except oil in a bowl and mix well. Let it marinate for 2 hours.
3. Heat oil in a pan. Add in chicken pieces and fry till golden brown.
4. Now add in remaining marinate into the pan, add some water.
5. Cover and cook on low heat for 15 to 20 mins.
@@@
Brown Onions (Note 1)
2 Onions Large
1/2 cup Vegetable Oil
Chicken Marinade:
700 grams Chicken Thighs and Drumsticks bone-in and skinless (Note 2)
3/4 cup Yogurt or hung curd
1/4 cup Tomato Puree
1/4 cup Vegetable Oil
1 tablespoon Ginger Garlic Paste minced ginger and garlic
1 tablespoon Red Chilli Powder sub with 1 teaspoon Paprika + 1 teaspoon Cayenne
1 teaspoon Turmeric Powder
1 teaspoon Garam Masala Powder
2 tablespoon Brown Onions
1 1/4 teaspoon Salt
Saffron:
2 tablespoon Hot Milk
10-15 Saffron strands
Parboiled Rice (70% cooked):
2 cups Basmati Rice Note 3
6 cups Water
2 tablespoon Salt
1 Bayleaf
5-6 Cloves
2-3 Cardamom Pods
Other Biryani Ingredients:
1 cup Mint Leaves fresh
1 cup Coriander Leaves Cilantro
1 1/2 tablespoons Ghee or Butter
To Serve:
Crispy Brown Onions
Onion Raita
###
1. To make the brown onions, pat the onions dry and if time permits, leave them out on a kitchen towel for 15-20 minutes to dry them out slightly. Heat oil in a pan and add the onions. On a medium flame, shallow fry the onions for 15 minutes till they are a deep golden brown, without burning them. Drain them out on a paper towel, and set aside. These can be made ahead and stored in an air tight container overnight. Burnt onions will add a bitter flavor to the biryani. You can also use store bought fried onions/ shallots which are easily available in leading supermarkets, Indian and Asian stores.

2. Mix together all the ingredients under chicken marinade and marinate for at least two hours or overnight for best results.
When you are ready to make the biryani, soak saffron strands in hot milk and rub them slightly with the back of a spoon. Set this aside.
Bring water to a roaring boil and add salt, whole spices and basmati rice. Cook for exactly 5 minutes and drain completely, leaving the whole spices in the rice. This will cook the rice to about 70% doneness which can be checked by pressing a grain of rice between two fingers - the rice should still be raw in the middle.

3. Layering and Cooking Chicken Biryani: 
Heat a heavy bottomed pot like a dutch oven, and add the chicken to it. Cook for 4 minutes and then turn the chicken pieces once. Cover and cook for another 3 minutes. Turn off the heat. Scatter half the onions all over the chicken, and then all the coriander and mint leaves. Next layer the rice all over the mint and coriander, and in the end drizzle saffron milk and ghee all over the rice. Cover and cook on a low flame for 20 minutes - this will help steam the rice, cook it to doneness and cook the chicken. (Note 4)
4. Once the biryani is cooked, let it rest for 5 minutes, and finish by scattering the remaining onions on top. Serve hot with your
@@@
500 gm mutton
2 tablespoon coriander powder
4 onion
2 teaspoon garlic paste
4 clove
5 green cardamom
1 cinnamon stick
salt as required
2 cup water
4 tablespoon ghee
2 cup yoghurt (curd)
2 teaspoon ginger paste
2 teaspoon red chilli powder
3 tomato
8 peppercorns
1 teaspoon garam masala powder
1/2 teaspoon turmeric
1 handful coriander leaves for garnishing
###
1. This is an excellent mutton recipe that you can easily make at home. To prepare this easy recipe, firstly, clean and wash the mutton pieces. Next, put a large pan over medium flame and melt ghee in it. Once the ghee is melted, add cardamom, cloves, black pepper corns, cinnamon stick. Saute these for a minute and add the sliced onions along with salt in it. Saute till the onion turns light brown in color. Next, add ginger paste along with garlic paste and cook the mixture until the raw smell disappears.
2. Now, add turmeric powder, red chili powder and coriander powder to the spice mixture and mix it well. Add the mashed tomatoes and mix it well with the other ingredients. Make sure the tomatoes turn pulpy and cook this mix until oil separates from the masala in the pan. Now, add mutton pieces in this masala and mix it well. Ensure that mutton pieces are evenly coated with masala.
3.Pour the yoghurt in the mutton masala and mix it well. Let it cook for 4-5 minutes and, then, add water in it. Stir it well and check the seasoning once. Add chopped coriander leaves along with garam masala powder in this. Give it a quick stir. Cook it for another 25 minutes to ensure that mutton is no longer raw and is perfectly juicy. Once done, take it off the flame and transfer the dish in a bowl. Serve it hot with rice or naan to enjoy!
@@@
450 gm all purpose flour
1 tablespoon refined oil
1 large onion
1 inch ginger
water as required
300 gm boiled chicken
1 green chilli
salt as required
1 teaspoon soy sauce
water as required
###
1. Chop the vegetables and wash chicken.
2. Boil the chicken and then shred well. To make it aromatic, you can add a small teaspoon of ginger and chili paste.
3. Take a deep mixing bowl and add refined oil in it followed by all purpose flour and salt. Mix well with enough water and knead the mixture into a smooth dough. Knead well and ensure that no lumps are formed. Take another mixing bowl and add shredded chicken followed by chopped vegetables, mix well and combine everything together. Then, add soy sauce to the chicken mix and stir well. Now take the prepared dough and roll out small balls out of it.
4. Using a rolling pin, flatten the balls in a square shape and add the chicken and veggies stuffing in the center. Bring the edges close and secure them to make a momo. Repeat this step with the remaining balls. Transfer the prepared momos in a steamer and steam for 20 minutes or until they turn soft and tender. To make it more flavoursome, add the aromatic Chicken stock. Serve fresh and hot with your choice of chutney or dip.
@@@
2 chicken breasts
1 teaspoon salt
0.5 teaspoon pepper
1 egg, beaten
1.5 cup flour (100 g)
1 green pepper, sliced
1 red pepper, sliced
rice, to serve

CHILLI SAUCE:
3 cloves garlic cloves, crushed
1 red chilli, chopped
3 tablespoons soy sauce
2 tablespoons tomato puree
0.5 cup water (100 mL)
###
1. Season the chicken with salt and pepper.
2. Cut the chicken into thin strips then coat in the egg wash and flour.
3. Shallow fry for a few minutes on each side, until golden brown.
4. Add the peppers and fry for another couple of minutes. Remove the chicken and peppers and set aside.
5. In the same pan, add the garlic, red chilli, soy sauce, tomato puree, and water. Stir and simmer the mixture reduces and is thick and syrupy.
6. Add back in the chicken and peppers and stir well in the sauce.
7. Serve with rice.
8. Enjoy!
@@@
2 Kg (4 pounds) chicken wings cut into drumettes and flats
1 tablespoon aluminium free baking powder (NOT baking soda)
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoons garlic powder
Pinch of cracked pepper
BUFFALO SAUCE:
1/4 cup unsalted butter, melted
1/2 cup Frank's Original Red Hot Sauce
1-2 tablespoons honey, white sugar or brown sugar (adjust to suit your tastes)
BLUE CHEESE DIP:
1/2 cup crumbled blue cheese softened
1/3 cup sour cream
1/4 cup mayonnaise
2 cloves garlic minced
1 tablespoon lemon juice
Pinch of salt
Pinch of cracked black pepper
TO SERVE:
Ranch dressing
Blue cheese dressing (RECIPE AS ABOVE) for serving
Celery sticks for serving
###
1. Adjust oven rack to upper-middle position and preheat oven to 450°F (230°C). Line a rimmed baking sheet with aluminium foil and set a heat-proof wire rack inside. 
2. Pat dry chicken wings liberally with paper towels, squeezing out as much moisture as you can. Transfer them to a large bowl.
3. In a small bowl, combine the baking powder, garlic powder, salt and pepper together, whisking well to combine, and sprinkle the mixture over the wings. Toss wings through the baking powder mixture until evenly coated. 
4. Arrange on rack, leaving about 1-inch of space between each wing.
5. Bake for 30 minutes; flip and continue to cook until crisp and golden brown, (about 20-30 minutes longer), until golden browned and crispy.
6. While wings are cooking, whisk together hot sauce, butter and sugar. Toss wings through the sauce to evenly coat.
7. Serve wings immediately with blue cheese dressing or ranch dressing, and celery sticks.
@@@
For The Soup:

1 tablespoon oil
1 onion sliced
1 tablespoon fresh grated ginger root
4 garlic cloves pressed or finely minced
1 tablespoon chili garlic sauce
2 tablespoons oyster sauce
1 tablespoon fish sauce

1/2 cup low sodium soy sauce
1/4 cup rice vinegar
4 ounces shiitake mushrooms stems removed and sliced
1/2 - 3/4 pounds baby bok choy sliced into quarters lengthwise
1 pound boneless skinless chicken thighs
4 cups low sodium chicken broth
1 cup water
1-2 packages fresh yakisoba noodles
For The Ramen Egg**
4 eggs
1/4 cup low sodium soy sauce
1/4 cup rice vinegar
3/4 cup water
Additional Toppings (Optional)
sliced green onion
cilantro
chili garlic sauce
sesame seeds
lime wedges
###
To Prepare The Ramen Egg:
1. Whisk together the 1/4 cup of soy sauce, 1/4 cup of rice vinegar and 3/4 cup water, set aside.
2. Prepare an ice bath by filling a bowl with ice and water.
3. Bring a pot of water to boil (make sure there is enough water to cover the eggs). When boiling, carefully lower the eggs into the water using a slotted spoon or spider. Reduce heat if necessary to keep the water just barely boiling. Cook for 7 minutes, then remove from pot and place eggs in the ice bath. Leave in the ice bath for 3 minutes. Remove from ice bath and gently peel (egg will be soft). Place peeled eggs in the marinade and make sure they are completely covered with the marinade. Leave in the marinade for several hours or overnight. If keeping longer, discard the marinade and store in the refrigerator up to 3 days. Reheat the egg in the ramen broth (don't leave in the broth very long before serving or the egg will overcook).
To Prepare The Noodles:
1. If using fresh noodles:
2. Bring a pot of water to a boil. When boiling, add the noodles and simmer for 3 minutes. Strain and rinse with cold water. Toss with just a little oil if necessary to keep them from sticking. Set aside.
3. (If using another type of noodle, follow package instructions)
To Prepare The Soup:
1. Heat a large pot or dutch oven over medium high heat. Add the onion and saute until starting to soften, about 5 minutes. Add the sliced mushrooms and saute for another 2-3 minutes. Add the garlic and ginger and stir fry for about 30 seconds, just until fragrant so that they don't burn. Add the chicken broth and 1 cup of water, soy sauce, rice vinegar, oyster sauce, fish sauce, chili garlic sauce, stir to combine. Bring back to a simmer.
2. When broth reaches a simmer, add the chicken thighs. Simmer for 15-20 minutes until chicken is cooked through and reaches a temperature of 165°F.
3. Remove the chicken and shred it with two forks. Add it back to the broth along with the bok choy and cook for 3-5 minutes. Remove from heat and serve.
To Serve The Ramen:
1. In a bowl, place a serving of noodles, then pour the soup over them. Top soup with ramen egg, sliced green onions, cilantro and sesame seeds if desired.
@@@
150 g Egg Noodles
2 tbsp Sesame Oil
2 tsp Garlic (Minced)
1/2 cup Onion (Cut into cubes)
3-4 Green Chillies (Slit Into half)
1/4 cup White part of Spring Onion (Sliced)
2 tbsp Celery (Chopped)
1/4 cup Carrot (Julienned)
1/4 cup Capsicum (Cut into thin stripes)
2 Eggs (Whisked)
1 cup Boiled Chicken (Shredded)
1 tbsp Soy Sauce
1 tsp Vinegar
1 tsp Hot Sauce
1 tsp Green Chilli sauce
Salt to taste
1/2 tsp Black pepper Powder
2 tbsp Spring Onion Greens (Chopped)
###
1. Heat sesame oil in a wok.
2. Once the oil is hot, add garlic and fry for a few seconds.
3. Add onion, green chillies, white part of spring onion and celery and fry for a minute.
4. Add carrot, capsicum and cabbage and fry for another minute.
5. Push the veggies on one side of the wok and add the eggs in the wok.
6. Mix until they scramble.
7. Now mix everything up.
8. Add boiled chicken, soy sauce, vinegar, hot sauce, green chilli sauce and boiled noodles and toss nicely.
9. Add salt to taste and black pepper powder and mix well.
10. Garnish with spring onion greens.
11. Serve hot.
@@@
1 pound sweet Italian sausage
3/4 pound lean ground beef
1/2 cup minced onion
2 cloves garlic, crushed
1 (28 ounce) can crushed tomatoes
2 (6 ounce) cans tomato paste
2 (6.5 ounce) cans canned tomato sauce
1/2 cup water
2 tablespoons white sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons dried basil leaves
1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds1 teaspoon Italian seasoning
1 1/2 teaspoons salt, divided, or to taste
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
4 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
12 lasagna noodles
16 ounces ricotta cheese1 egg
3/4 pound mozzarella cheese, sliced
3/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese
###
1. In a Dutch oven, cook sausage, ground beef, onion, and garlic over medium heat until well browned. Stir in crushed tomatoes, tomato paste, tomato sauce, and water. Season with sugar, basil, fennel seeds, Italian seasoning, 1 teaspoon salt, pepper, and 2 tablespoons parsley. Simmer, covered, for about 1 1/2 hours, stirring occasionally.
2. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook lasagna noodles in boiling water for 8 to 10 minutes. Drain noodles, and rinse with cold water. In a mixing bowl, combine ricotta cheese with egg, remaining parsley, and 1/2 teaspoon salt.
3. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
4. To assemble, spread 1 1/2 cups of meat sauce in the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish. Arrange 6 noodles lengthwise over meat sauce. Spread with one half of the ricotta cheese mixture. Top with a third of mozzarella cheese slices. Spoon 1 1/2 cups meat sauce over mozzarella, and sprinkle with 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese. Repeat layers, and top with remaining mozzarella and Parmesan cheese. Cover with foil: to prevent sticking, either spray foil with cooking spray, or make sure the foil does not touch the cheese.
5. Bake in preheated oven for 25 minutes. Remove foil, and bake an additional 25 minutes. Cool for 15 minutes before serving.
@@@
4 chicken breasts (boneless, skinless)
3 tablespoons olive oil
2 teaspoons rosemary (fresh, chopped)
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon black pepper
4 tablespoons Italian dressing
8 slices Italian bread
1 tomato (sliced)
8 ounces mozzarella cheese (sliced)
###
1. Preheat grill for medium-high heat.
2. Brush the chicken with olive oil and season with chopped rosemary, garlic powder, salt, and pepper
3. Lightly oil the grill grates.
4. Place the chicken on the grill and cook for 7 minutes per side or until juices run clear and chicken is no longer pink.
5. Remove the chicken from the grill. Allow it to cool for 5 to 10 minutes.
6. Cut it into 1/2-inch slices.
7. Drizzle Italian dressing on 4 slices of bread and on chicken pieces.
8. Add tomato and cheese and sliced chicken breasts to the bread.
9. Cover with the remaining 4 slices of bread and brush with olive oil
$$$
100 gms maida
A pinch of salt
3 tsp curd
1 tsp mixed Italian herbs
1 tsp sugar
1/4 tsp baking soda
1/2 tsp baking powder
1 1/2 tsp oil
1/2 cup milk
Onion
Capsicum
Corn
Tomato
Pizza pasta sauce
Mozzarella cheese
Cheese spread
###
1.To make the dough mix maida, salt, sugar, baking soda, baking powder, oil, mixed herbs and curd together. And knead a soft dough adding milk. Keep the dough aside and let it rest for 2 hours.
2.When the dough is rested enough take it out of the bowl and knead it again for 2 minutes.
3.Now roll out the dough as per the size of your pizza pan and place it inside the pan.
4.Spread the cheese on the rolled out dough evenly. Now take another dough ball and roll it very thin and cook it on a tawa. Then place it above the cheese spread and seal the edges using the base. Prick the base with a fork.
5.Now spread pizza sauce, add all the toppings and mozzarella cheese. Also add some salt, mixed herbs and chilli flakes as per your taste.
6.Pre-heat your oven for 10 minutes at 180C.
7.Now cook the pizza at 180C for 15-20 minutes
@@@
1/3 Cup Melon Seeds, soaked
2 Tbsp Butter
1 tsp Cumin Seeds
1 Tbsp Ginger, chopped
1 Cup Tomato, pureed
1/4 tsp Turmeric Powder
2 tsp Coriander Powder
2 tsp Salt
1 tsp Red Chilli Powder
3 Nos Green Chilli , chopped
Crushed Paneer
1/2 Cup Water
15 Paneer Cubes
2 Tbsp Coriander Leaves
2 Butter cubes
###
1.Soak the melon seeds in water for about 30 minutes.Shahi Paneer
2.Grind it to a smooth paste and keep aside.
3.In a pan heat butter. Make sure that it does not burn.Shahi Paneer
4.Add cumin seeds. When they crackle put ginger to it and cook for few seconds.Shahi Paneer
5.Pour tomato puree and bring to a simmer.Shahi Paneer
6.Now add melon seed paste. Stir well and cook for a minute.Shahi Paneer
7.Add turmeric powder, coriander powder, salt, red chilli powder and green chillis to it.Shahi Paneer
8.Add some crushed paneer for flavor and bring it to a boil on medium flame while adding water to it.Shahi Paneer
9.Put the paneer cubes and coat them well with gravy. Cook for another one minute.Shahi Paneer
10.Serve hot, garnished with coriander leaves and butter.
@@@
3 Tbsp refined oil
250 gms paneer, diced
1 potato, diced small
2 carrots diced small
6 tomatoes, chopped
1 cup peas
2 - 3 brown cardamoms
2 cinnamon sticks
5 - 6 cloves
1/2 tsp zeera
3 fresh red chillies, slit
3 green chillies, slit
1 inch ginger, julienned
3/4 tsp turmeric powder
1 1/2 tsp red chilli powder
1 tsp coriander powder
1/2 tsp zeera powder
Juice of half a lime
Salt to taste
Water
###
1.Heat 1 tbsp of oil in a deep vessel and crackle the cinnamon, cloves and cardamoms.
2.Add the green & red chillies and ginger.
3.Then add 1/2 tsp of turmeric powder, 1 tsp red chilli powder, coriander & zeera powder, sprinkle a bit of water and mix.
4.Now add the tomatoes and salt and stir it all together.
5.Let this simmer for about 5-7 minutes.
6.In another pan heat 2 tbsps of oil, crackle the zeera, and then add the potatoes and carrots.
7.Season with salt, 1/4 tsp turmeric powder, 1/4 tsp red chilli powder and give it a good toss.
8.When the potatoes & carrots are half cooked, mix them into the tomato base.
9.Pour in a glass of water, add the peas, cover and let it simmer for about 5 minutes.
10.Add the paneer, stir gently and cook till the potatoes are soft and the water reduces to a slightly thick gravy.
11.Once ready, squeeze some lime juice and serve hot.
@@@
500 Gram Cauliflower (cut into small pieces)
250 Gram Potatoes (cut lengthwise)
1/4 Cup Clarified butter
1 tsp Cumin seeds
1 Tbsp Ginger, sliced
1/4 Cup Yogurt
2-3 Green chillies (slit)
1/2 tsp Chilli powder
1/4 tsp Turmeric
1/2 tsp Garam masala
1 Tbsp Coriander powder
To taste Salt
1 Tbsp Coriander leaves, chopped
###
1.Parboil the potatoes and set aside.
2.Heat the clarified butter in a heavy-based pan and add the cumin seeds.
3.When they splutter, add the ginger. When the ginger begins to brown, add the yoghurt, a Tbsp at a time, stirring vigorously till the fat separates between each addition.
4.Add the cauliflower, potatoes and green chillies
5.Stir-fry the vegetables over high for 2-3 minutes till they get coated with the clarified butter.
6.Then add the chilli powder, turmeric, garam masala, coriander powder and salt. Stir a few more times, till well mixed.
7.Lower the heat, cover the pan and let the vegetables cook till tender, stirring 2-3 times.
8.Serve hot, garnished with chopped coriander leaves.
@@@
1 Cup Wheat flour
1/2 tsp Castor oil
1 tsp Oil
3 Tbsp Cow milk
1-2 Medium Potatoes
1/4 tsp Dry mango powder
1/2 tsp Cumin powder, roasted
1/4 tsp Coriander powder
1/4 tsp Red chilli powder
1/4 tsp Cumin seeds
1 tsp Black pepper (freshly ground)
A pinch of Asafoetida
To taste Rock salt
###
1.Mix wheat flour, milk and castor oil (water if required) and knead a soft dough. Cover it with wet muslin cloth and let it stand for 20 minutes.
2.Steam potatoes. Peel carefully and mash them.
3.Heat oil in a pan. When the oil is hot add cumin seeds. When it starts spluttering, add roasted cumin powder, red chilli powder, black pepper powder, dry coriander powder, dry mango powder and asafoetida. Cook for 15 seconds.
4.Add potatoes and rock salt and mix it properly and cook for 1 minute.
5.Remove the pan from flame. The stuffing for the samosas is ready.
6.Roll chapatti and stuff it with the mashed potato mixture. Fold it into triangular samosa like shape.
7.Bake these samosas at 160 C, till they are light brown in colour.
8.Serve hot.
@@@
1/2 cup flour
1 egg
1/4 tsp salt
1/4 cup water
1/4 cup milk
3 Tbsp oil mix the water, oil and milk together
1 cup thinly shredded cabbage
1 cups spring onions-including leaves, finely chopped
1 cup thinly shredded carrot
1/2 tsp salt
2 Tbsp oil
4 cloves garlic-very finely chopped
1 tsp soya sauce
2 Tbsp celery-chopped fine
1 Tbsp flour, made into thin paste by adding water
Oil
###
1.Make the pancakes with the pancake ingredients.
2.Heat the 1 tbsp oil and stir-fry the garlic and onions over high heat till the onions are a little soft.
3.Add the rest of the filling ingredients and turn around a few times, still over a high heat.
4.Take a pancake and place a heaped tbsp of filling towards one edge.
5.Fold that edge over the filling, then the two sides thus formed over the fold, and roll over till the end, sealing that edge with the flour paste.
6.It is very important to seal the filling in, so that it does not spill out while frying. Double fry the pancakes.
@@@
2 Tbsp black pepper seeds
2 tbsp coriander seeds
1 cup besan
1 cup onions, chopped
3 Green chillies
1 tsp ginger, chopped
7-8 Raisins
7-8 Cashew Nuts
2 tsp salt
1 tsp paneer
2 cups hung curd
2 tbsp red chilli flakes
2 Green chillies
2 tbsp coriander leaves
1 cup paneer, grated
1/2 cup corn flour
###
1.Take a pan and dry roast black pepper and coriander seeds togetherDahi Kebabs
2.Grind them into a powder.
3.Take Besan in a pan and roast it for a while.
4.Take a bowl and put chopped onion in it.Dahi Kebabs
5.Add green chillies, chopped ginger, raisins, cashewnuts, the roasted black pepper and coriander powder, salt and paneer.Dahi Kebabs
6.Mix them thoroughly.Dahi Kebabs
7.Take hung curd in a bowl, add salt, roasted black pepper and coriander powder, red chilli flakes, green chillies, coriander leaves and grated paneer, roasted besan and corn four.Dahi Kebabs
8.Mix all the ingredients together to make dough.Dahi Kebabs
9.Now, pull out round pieces from the dough and put the prepared filling into it.Dahi Kebabs
10.Fry the round pieces in a pan until golden brown.Dahi Kebabs
11.Serve the hot dahi kebabs with mint chutney.Dahi Kebabs
@@@
1 1/2 cups rajmah (kidney beans)
1 tsp soda bicarb
1/2 cup ghee (clarified butter)
1/8 tsp heeng (asafoetida)
1 tsp zeera (cumin seeds)
1 tsp sonth (dried ginger powder)
1/2 cup dahi (yogurt)
1 tsp Kashmiri garam masala
1 tsp ginger paste
2 tsp salt to taste
1 tsp chilli powder or to taste green chillies-chopped
2 tsp dhania (coriander) powder
Chopped coriander leaves for garnish
###
1.Soak rajmah and soda in water overnight
2.Drain and cook in fresh water till soft (about 15 minutes in a pressure cooker, after it makes a sound).
3.Drain and keep rajmah and water separately till ready to use. Heat ghee and add heeng and jeera.
4.When jeera splutters, add sonth, dahi and ginger, stirring vigorously all the time (else the dahi will curdle).
5.Saute till fat separates. Add salt, chilli powder, green chilli and rajmah. Saute for a minute or so.
6.Make up the drained water of the cooked rajmah to about 1 cup and add to the rajmah.
7.Simmer 8-10 mins, add Garam Masala and dhania,simmer another minute or so and serve hot garnished with the coriander leaves.
@@@
2 Cups Sabut urad dal
8 cups Water
2 tbsp Salt
1 tbsp Ginger, sliced
2 tbsp Butter
1 tbsp Oil
2 tsp Shahi jeera
1 tsp Kasoori meethi
2 cups Tomato puree
1 tsp Chilli powder
1 tsp Sugar
1/2 cups Cream
For garnishing Green chillies (slit lengthwise)
###
1.To the dal, add water, 1 Tbsp salt and ginger. Cook until dal becomes tender.
2.In a heavy based pan, heat butter and oil. Add shahi jeera and kasoori methi. When they begin to splutter, add tomato puree, remaining salt, chilli powder and sugar.
3.Stir-fry over high flame, till the oil separates.
4.Add cooked dal and bring to boil. The consistency should be such that the dal should move around freely when stirred, otherwise add a little water.Dal Makhani
5.Leave to simmer, uncovered, till well blended. Stir-in cream and once it gets heated through, serve immediately, garnished with green chillies
@@@
1/2 red, green and yellow bell peppers
1 onion
40 gm leak
1 small egg plant
50 gm yellow squash
50 gm zucchini
50 gm broccoli, cut into florets
Handful of lettuce leaves
Salt and pepper to season
2-3 Tbsp olive oil
3-4 slices of Brie
For the Marinade:
1 Tbsp balsamic vinegar
2 Tbsp olive oil
Salt and pepper to season
1 tsp chilli flakes
2 basil leaves
1 sage leaf
1 small bunch rosemary, chopped
For the Spread:
3 Tbsp cream cheese
2 Tbsp plum chutney
Salt and pepper to taste
Few drops of tobasco
###
1.Trim the broccoli into florets.
2.Grill the bell peppers, squash, zucchini and eggplant on both sides. Baste with olive oil and
3.herbs.
4.Marinate the grilled vegetables with the mixture for about 10 minutes.
5.Grill two slices of bread.
6.Make a spread by mixing together cream cheese, plum chutney, a few drops of tobasco and season with salt and pepper.
7.Spread this plum cheese mixture on the slices of bread.
8.Layer a few leaves of lettuce and add the vegetable mix.
9.Add a 2-3 slices of Brie cheese.
10.Serve with chips.
$$$
1 kilograms king fish (surmai)
1 tablespoon tamarind paste
4 teaspoon coriander seeds
1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds
7 cloves garlic
2 pinches salt
1 1/2 tablespoon refined oil
4 cup water
1 large chopped onion
5 dry red chili
2 tablespoon grated coconut
1 sliced & slit green chilli
1/2 teaspoon powdered turmeric
###
1. To prepare this delicious curry, start by slicing the fish into pieces. Once done, marinate the pieces using salt and turmeric powder. Keep it aside for a while.
2. Meanwhile, prepare the masala for the curry. In a mixer, add all the spices, grated coconut along with the chopped onion and green chillies with little water and make a fine paste.
3. Next, take a skillet and heat the oil in it over medium flame. Add the prepared masala paste to the heated oil and cook for a few minutes. Keep stirring the mixture.
4. Add the marinated fish to the pan and let the fish soak in all the masala. Let it get cooked for few minutes. Once done, add 3 cups of water and salt as per your taste.
5. Cook the fish till its done over low flame. Once done, transfer it to a serving platter and garnish with coriander leaves. Serve it with steamed rice.
@@@
4 fillets of betki fish (you can use any other fish also)
2 Tbsp onion - paste
1 tsp garlic - paste
1 tsp ginger paste
1/4 tsp baking powder
6 Tbsp oil
2 Tbsp wheat flour
2 Tbsp corn flour
1 egg
1/2 tsp salt
1 Tbsp vinegar
###
1. Marinate fillets with ginger, garlic, onion, salt and vinegar for one hour.
2. Blend wheat flour, salt, corn flour, egg and baking powder in a bowl of water. Dip the fillets in the mixture and deep fry in oil.
3. Serve with chips and salad.
@@@
900g cod cut into 5 inch pieces
2 teaspoons kosher salt
0.5 teaspoon coarse ground black pepper
125 g flour
1 tablespoon garlic powder
1 tablespoon paprika
1 large egg
350 g beer
canola oil for frying
###
1. Heat 3 inches of oil in a dutch oven to 365 degrees.
2. Dry the cod well then season with salt and pepper.
3. Mix the flour with the garlic powder and paprika, then add in the egg mixing well before whisking in the beer slowly.
4. Dip the fish into the batter then carefully into the oil frying until golden brown then remove to a wire rack (not paper towels or newspapers, it will steam).
@@@
For the sushi rice:
2 cups uncooked sushi rice
2 cups water
2 tablespoons rice vinegar
2 tablespoons sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
For the sushi rolls:
4 sheets of nori
8 pre-cooked tempura shrimp
8 strips of cucumber
8 slices of avocado
3 tablespoons black and/or white sesame seeds
###
1. Place the rice into a colander and rinse until the water runs clear.
2. Add the rice and 2 cups of water into a medium saucepan over high heat. Bring to a boil, uncovered. Once it begins to boil, reduce the heat to low and cover. Cook for 15 minutes. Remove the pot from the heat and let stand, covered, for 10 minutes.
3. Combine the rice vinegar, sugar and salt in a small bowl and heat in the microwave for 20-30 seconds. Transfer the rice to a large bowl and add the vinegar mixture. Fold thoroughly to combine. Allow the rice to cool to room temperature
4. Place one sheet of nori on a flat surface and press approximately 1/3-1/2 cup rice across the surface of the nori, going all the way to the edges. This is easiest if your fingers are slightly damp.
5. Place a piece of plastic wrap over the rice covered nori and invert on top of a sushi rolling mat so that the seaweed side is up.
6. Place 2 shrimp, 2 strips of cucumber and 2 slices of avocado along one side of the nori.
7. Pick up the edge of the rolling mat closest to the shrimp mixture and tightly roll up the sushi.
8. Press approximately 2 teaspoons of sesame seeds into the rice on the sushi roll.
9. Using a sharp knife, slice the sushi then serve immediately.
@@@
8 crabs
1 1/2 inches lump of tamarind
1/2 cup hot water
2 large onions (sliced)
2 large tomatoes (sliced)
10 dry red chilies (use less if you do not want a hot curry)
2 tablespoons garlic paste
1 tablespoon ginger paste
1 1/2 cups grated fresh coconut
2 tablespoons coriander powder
2 tablespoons cumin powder
1/2 teaspoon turmeric powder
1/2 teaspoon red chili powder
2 green chilies slit
2 tablespoons vegetable, canola or sunflower cooking oil
Hot water for gravy (approximately 3 cups)
Salt to taste
###
1. Remove the crab legs and set them aside. Remove the claws from the legs so that each leg is divided into two parts.
2. Cut the crab bodies into halves or quarters with a cleaver. 
3. Soak the tamarind in 1/2 cup of hot water for 10 minutes. Mash the tamarind with your fingers to mix it well into the water. Strain it through a sieve to extract all the pulp. Set the pulp aside.
4. Put the onion, tomato, coconut, ginger, garlic, dry red chilies, all of the spices and the tamarind puree into your food processor and grind the mixture well to make a smooth paste (also called masala).
5. Set a deep, heavy-bottomed pan over a medium flame, and when the pan is hot, add the cooking oil and heat the oil.
6. Add the green chilies and the masala paste to the oil and saute for five minutes. Stir frequently to prevent burning.
7. Add 3 cups of hot water more or less if you would like more or less gravy and bring the gravy to a boil. Reduce the flame to a simmer and cook for 10 minutes. Add salt to taste.
8. Gently add the pieces of crab to the gravy and cook uncovered for 10 more minutes.
9. Turn off the fire and serve immediately with plain boiled rice or jeera rice.
$$$
100g dark chocolate (broken into chunks)
200ml milk
300g/11oz caramel
85g crunchy peanut butter
4 crunchy biscuits, crumbled into chunks
50g salted roasted peanut, chopped
6 big scoops vanilla ice cream
6 big scoops chocolate ice cream
###
1. Put the chocolate and 100ml milk in a small pan, and put the caramel, peanut butter and 100ml milk in another pan. Gently melt both, stirring until saucy. Set aside to cool.
2. Give the sauces a good stir to loosen, then layer the 2 sauces, biscuit bits, peanuts and ice cream in 6 sundae glasses or bowls, and eat straight away.
@@@
2 1/4 Cups All Purpose Flour
1 Tablespoon Baking Powder
3 Tablespoons Sugar
1/2 Teaspoon Salt
1 Teaspoon Cinnamon
2 Large Eggs Separated
1/2 Cup Vegetable Oil
2 Cups Milk
1 Teaspoon Vanilla Extract
###
1. Preheat your waffle iron, spray with non stick cooking spray and set aside.
2. In a large bowl whisk together the flour, baking powder, sugar, salt, and cinnamon.
3. In a medium bowl beat the egg whites with a hand mixer until stiff peaks form. Set aside.
4. In a separate medium bowl mix together the egg yolks, vegetable oil, milk, and vanilla extract.
5. Add the egg yolk mixture to the dry ingredients and mix well.
6. Fold in the egg whites.
7. Pour the batter onto your hot waffle iron and cook according to manufacturer's directions**
8. Serve immediately with butter, syrup, powdered sugar or any other favorite toppings.
@@@
1/4 cup rice 50 grams
1 teaspoon ghee also known as clarified butter
3-4 green cardamom pods slightly crushed
1 liter whole milk
4-5 tablespoons sugar 50-62.5 grams, adjust to taste
3 tablespoons chopped nuts I used chopped cashews & almonds
1.5 teaspoons rose water optional
###
1. Rinse the rice until water turns clear. Then soak the rice in enough water for 20 to 30 minutes. Once 30 minutes are up, drain the rice using a colander and set aside. 
2. Heat a heavy bottom pan on medium heat. Then add 1 teaspoon of ghee to it and then add the soaked & drained rice. Also add 3-4 crushed green cardamom pods.
3. Toss the rice with the ghee and cardamom for 1 to 2 minutes, stirring constantly until aromatic.
4. Then add the milk to the pan and stir well. Set heat to medium-high.
5. Let the milk come to a boil, this will take around 10-12 minutes. Stir in between so that milk doesn't stuck to the bottom of the pan.
6. Once the milk has come to a boil, lower the heat to low and let the kheer cook for around 25 minutes on low heat. Stir every 2 minutes or so. The milk will reduce considerably after 25 minutes and the kheer would look thick and the rice will be completely cooked. If you want super thick kheer, cook for 15 more minutes at this point.
7. Add in the sugar and mix. Also add in the nuts. 
8. Cook the kheer for 5 more minutes after adding the sugar and nuts. The sugar should dissolve completely. Don't worry if your kheer doesn't look very thick at this point. It will continue to thicken as it cools down.
9. Remove pan from heat. Stir in rose water (if using). Garnish with more nuts and serve kheer warm or chilled. I love mine chilled and serve it after chilling it in the refrigerator for 4 to 5 hours. 
@@@
1 tbsp instant coffee powder
2 tbsp warm water
1.5 cup milk
1 tbsp sugar
6 cubes ice
whipped cream
###
1. take the coffee decoction into the blender.
2. add 1.5 cup milk, 1 tbsp sugar and 6 cubes ice.
3. blend well until the milkshake turns frothy.
4. pour the cold coffee into a tall glass and garnish with whipped cream and coffee powder.